Okay, so let us look at the very first version of
the smart contract which is the version one we're going to write.
So, remember like I said we're going to write this in
Remix somehow and the Remix website right now,
a very simple version that you see.
Let me walk you through what's going on in this contract.
So, it starts with a Pragma word,
so that the word, of course,
we have seen a bunch of examples of this in the lesson and validity,
and then we have the version that we are using,
and then the contract itself is the definition of the contract.
It starts with the keyword contract,
the name of the contract,
and then, of course, curly braces.
Within this, you define all your variables, storage variables,
the functions and events,
and it starts with defining two different public storage variables.
One is of type string called star name that stores the name of the star
and address of type address called Star owner that stores the address of this star,
and then we have an event which we're going to emit event in this function.
I will just show you that in just a second.
We also have a constructor function.
Remember, constructing functions in solidity
are caught automatically when we initiate the contract.
So, this function will be called automatically when we
call or start this contract or initiate this contract.
That means the star name will be automatically set to this value,
and then we have a function called claimStar.
If you see, we're only setting the star name in this function,
but we're not setting the owner yet.
So, anytime the star or this contrast is initiated,
we have the name of the star,
but the owner is not going to be set yet.
It only gets set when we actually call the claimStar.
Now, whatever address from this list calls this function,
the msg.sender or the starOwner is going to be that address,
and then, of course, we emit an event in case we need to catch the event.
So now, let's go deploy this contract.
So, if you see first, while I am on the JavaScript virtual machine,
I am not in any public network,
this is just a local in-browser Ethereum network running with the JavaScript VM.
Let's go deploy it.
Once you deploy it,
if you see starName,
automatically set to this value Northstar owner yet,
of course, I don't know if you can see the value
because it is a little bit on the browser,
but it all comes to address zero.
You can also go claim a star once you claim a star,
that's when the address gets set to this value.
So, again a very simple version of the contract and now, of course,
we've written our contract, it is very important to test it
using many different use cases and test cases.
Now, the purpose of testing is to make sure that a contract
behaves the way it should before we deploy it in any public network.
For this, what we're going do in the next video,
we're actually going to put our contract.
In fact, we'll do that after explaining how the testing in the Mocha and Chai works,
but we're going to put this contract with truffle,
and then we will write tests using Mocha and Chai,
and then run them in the truffles development environment.
Now, Mocha and Chai are used to write tests in
JavaScript that can be used to test our solidity smart contract,
and before we delve into writing tests,
in the next video, let me give you a quick refresh on how Mocha and Chai works.